Chore/readme (#79)
senior-knights/course-schedulizer: client-course-schedulizer/README.md

[Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/) is used with [Lint Staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) to format all code to the ESLint rules when they are committed. This insures that changes pushed are not confused by changing syntax or code style.

## Development

This will go through the development process for the `client-course-schedulizer` application.

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance. The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes. Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run eject`

> **Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!** Would not recommend using this. Use [craco](https://github.com/gsoft-inc/craco) instead of ejecting. `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!** Would not recommend using this. Use [craco](https://github.com/gsoft-inc/craco) instead of ejecting.
```

### Barrelling

Every folder contains `index.ts` that exports all from every file in the folder which allows for barrelling and absolute imports.

### Structure

`assets/` contains every image or other "artful" content used in the client app.

`components/` contains all React components in the project. Every component resides within a folder, that is its exported name written in `PascalCase`. When a folder is used for additional storage, such as `pages/` (for the apps views) and `reuseables/` (for components used in many other components), they are written in `camelCase`. Each component folder contains `index.ts`, `ComponentName.tsx`, `ComponentName.test.tsx`, and `ComponentName.scss`. Sometimes they will contain a `componentNameService.ts` or additional folders for children components.

`styles/` contains global styles. Uses Sass in SCSS form.

`types/` contains module type declares for NPM packages that do not ship with types.

`utilities/` contains helper functions, logic, interfaces, constants, services, and all other code-related things that are not React Components.

`index.tsx` is the entry point into the React application.

### Packages

> Typically use packages rather than rolling your own features. This saves times and catches more edge cases, typically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We typically use packages rather than rolling our own features. This saves times and catches more edge cases, typically.
```
